“Keep your face always toward the sunshine, and shadows will fall behind you.” — Walt Whitman
“The only way to do great work is to love what you do.” — Steve Jobs
“Don’t watch the clock; do what it does. Keep going.” — Sam Levenson
“Success is not the key to happiness. Happiness is the key to success.” — Albert Schweitzer
“Life is 10% what happens to us and 90% how we react to it.” — Charles R. Swindoll
“You are never too old to set another goal or to dream a new dream.” — C.S. Lewis
“The best way to predict your future is to create it.” — Peter Drucker
“What lies behind us and what lies before us are tiny matters compared to what lies within us.” — Ralph Waldo Emerson
“Believe you can and you’re halfway there.” — Theodore Roosevelt
“Your time is limited, don’t waste it living someone else’s life.” — Steve Jobs
“The harder you work for something, the greater you’ll feel when you achieve it.” — Unknown
“Every day may not be good, but there is something good in every day.” — Alice Morse Earle
“Start where you are. Use what you have. Do what you can.” — Arthur Ashe
“Believe in yourself and all that you are. Know that there is something inside you that is greater than any obstacle.” — Christian D. Larson
“Opportunities don’t happen. You create them.” — Chris Grosser
“You don’t have to be great to start, but you have to start to be great.” — Zig Ziglar
“The only limit to our realization of tomorrow is our doubts of today.” — Franklin D. Roosevelt
“The future belongs to those who believe in the beauty of their dreams.” — Eleanor Roosevelt
“It does not matter how slowly you go as long as you do not stop.” — Confucius
“You are braver than you believe, stronger than you seem, and smarter than you think.” — A.A. Milne
“Success is not how high you have climbed, but how you make a positive difference to the world.” — Roy T. Bennett
“Your life does not get better by chance, it gets better by change.” — Jim Rohn
“No one can make you feel inferior without your consent.” — Eleanor Roosevelt
“Challenges are what make life interesting and overcoming them is what makes life meaningful.” — Joshua J. Marine
“When everything seems to be going against you, remember that the airplane takes off against the wind, not with it.” — Henry Ford
“Don’t be pushed around by the fears in your mind. Be led by the dreams in your heart.” — Roy T. Bennett
“Optimism is the faith that leads to achievement. Nothing can be done without hope and confidence.” — Helen Keller
“If you want to fly, you have to give up the things that weigh you down.” — Toni Morrison
“The only way to achieve the impossible is to believe it is possible.” — Charles Kingsleigh
“Happiness is not by chance, but by choice.” — Jim Rohn
